In this assignment you will implement a Distributed Banking System that consists of a server and some 
Automated Teller Machine (ATM) clients. The server manages all users’ account information. 
A customer can invoke the following operations at an ATM.

void deposit(int acnt, int amt): this operation increases the balance of user account acnt by amt, and returns nothivoid
withdraw(int acnt, int amt): this operation decreases the balance of user account acnt by amt, and returns nothing
float inquiry(int acnt): this operation returns the balance of user account account
Statement getStatement(Date from, Date to): this operation returns a statment object encapsulating transactions over a time period
For simplicity, in this assignment you do not need to consider the synchronization problem where multiple clients run concurrently.

System Requirements

You are required to write this client-server (banking system) program which communicates via Java RMI. Specifically, your 
program should consist of two parts: one for the client and another for the server. The client (as the ATM) will initiate 
an operation by calling a remote method on the bank server to execute a specified procedure (e.g. deposit) with parameters..

The Bank server should be initialised with a number of test accounts that have various balances that can then be accessed 
by the ATM clients.

The bank server program has only one command line parameter “server_port”, which specifies the port of rmiregistry. 
The default port of rmiregistry is 1099, but we may have to use other ports, if 1099 has already been used by some other programs.

You will need to define suitable classes for Account and Transaction and also provide a class that implements the Statement 
interface.

ATM Object

public class ATM {

public static void main (String args[]) throws Exception {

// get user’s input, and perform the operations

}

}

The command line parameters of the ATM client application will include:

server_address: the address of the rmiregistry
server_port: the port of the rmiregistry
operation: one of "login", "deposit", "withdraw", and "inquiry"
account: the user account
username: only for "login" operation
password: only for "login" operation
amount: only for “deposit” and “withdraw” operations
The ATM client application can be run at the command line using the parameters shown and a full GUI based client 
application is not required. The first operation that is called is login and if this succeeds a session ID is returned 
which is then valid for some predefined time period. This session ID then acts as an authentication token that must be 
passed for each of the other remote methods. Running the application will then look something like this:

C:\>rmiregistry 7777

Then, start the server

C:\>java Bank 7777

Finally, test the ATM client application

C:\>java ATM localhost 7777 login user1 pass1

Successful login for user1 session is valid for 5 minutes

C:\>java ATM localhost 7777 inquiry 100

The current balance of account 100 is €1000

C:\>java ATM localhost 7777 deposit 100 200 

Successfully deposited €200 to account 100!

C:\>java ATM localhost 7777 withdraw 100 50

Successfully withdrew €50 from account 100!

C:\>java ATM localhost 7777 inquiry 100

The current balance of account 100 is €1150

C:\>java ATM localhost 7777 statement 100 01/10/2016 31/12/2016

The statement for account 100 for the period shown is returned and printed out using the accessor methods in the statement object

